Mmm. What a delicious smell. Your pizza looks so nice.
Thanks. Would you like to try, son?
Yes, please. It looks lovely. It smells delicious and...
Mmm. It tastes good. What's that on top?
Oh, that's cheese. Do you want to try a piece?
Err. No, thanks. I'm afraid I don't like cheese.
It doesn't smell fresh. It smells too strong and it tastes a bit sour.
Well, my chocolate cookies are done now. Have a try.
Thanks. They taste really sweet and they feel soft in the middle.
Are you cooking lots of different things? You look very busy.
Yes, I am. There's some pizza and some cookies and now I'm making an apple pie and a cake.
Apple pie sounds nice. I have a sweet tooth, you know.
Shall I get the sugar? Yes, please. Oh, are you sure that sugar?
Taste it first. It might be salt. No, it's okay.
It tastes sweet. It's sugar. What's this? It tastes sweet too.
That's strawberry jam for the cake. Good. Everything tastes so sweet.
It's my lucky day.